U
Oh, money's sake leave off have come home simhadago sister also drank obtained
You might have noticed it, but my spending is the expression of expression .
I used donga dong restraint.
Today rattling meet some kids spend a lot a lot of money and also I urge to buy
I'm doing better.
Oh , I'll have to live saving this month.
So if like me you took me use or exchange
Language to write applications for it left my sister somehow, if you have just
You're going to wear it.
So I take good care of the bank car , and I do it when I get coffee . Yesterday
I would like that.
Then I'll just roll my hair and give my sister money to pay for it.
Except when I absolutely need it, obviously g
That this should be more Longjing
Write itjyo know is to put something to eat much
And the more we lack, the more we do.
Or add an introduction to moya .
Oh, two minutes , I want it to be a little hard , but I just need to order it
Let's just boil meat and rice and then two rice balls .
When I hurt you, say one cold
However, as you site it ran dip needle ah ah meat cupcakes look so so what if
I'm not really a logger
Okay I'll stop there've let lousy night
Oh, but what if I do not have five years here?
I can not afford to lose my pocket money.
As there is yet something that uh stethoscope comments zoom know bout Trang
The medical students or anyone introduce me to janmeori I Can not obvious when you go old
I know I have a body .
You 're a friend of mine. It's like a knight.
Audio establishments because good times behind me again, Mr. Tong should self geureongeo
Spontaneous post, but oh so I am doing okay again living in Abu Eugene to meet him and
I saw so spot t
So should you get to truly devoted to waste, because another was punished it is almost out sister
that
That what
Time is dwaetneunde what this guy anohne class
Oh yeah this is why you see two
Actually, I cut 2 Nymos and I think someone else was wearing it.
On the back sondae sucked many times more energy should be the shape I cant
Right
I'm glad to hear that.
Someone's dressed in security .
Horse painter
I like to wash my clothes
I dropped it to suck it dry and it stopped.
After the excellent waterproofing
How do I get paid?
Sorry, no national tax or no
I want to learn taekwondo Oh ah ah ah ah ah Then do it
I wiped my father's tears .
May I just keep it empty today ?
Ah
I am so proud to be able to help someone like this .
What is that spirit?
I'm shooting for a long time seemed for a while that is not me I only like language training
No outdoor business and a little busy business 5
I found a great item to earn big bucks in my pocketbook.
What if you are interested in my preference ?
The body and the writer would love to see me again.
Well I see this word came to them to do well ripen hard worker Taekwondo
9 Mercer, what do you do?
I'm sorry but I can not do the Taekwondo .
Yesterday I got a call from home, but the world of the house is so bad that I'm sot
Eopdae not let go of the land
To Alba because saenghwalgi that such
Yeah 1 blame I do not think I should leave 9
I do not have the money.
So if you quit Ned now, neither can I.
You'll also worth Oh, I've learned so far is to wipe out position
How to do this sort of thing. But prior to we really kicks in only three hard ah
What are you doing? Your opponent is a shoulder who can copy and enjoy watering
I really want to learn. Oh, I want to learn taekwondo like that.